{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Thorndale;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Albany;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset128 StarSymbol;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f7\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red32\green32\blue32;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24 Time Space Map Test Plan\par
\lang1023\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\f1\fs32 General things to look for\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\f0\fs24 ;jsessionid=\b0  in any URL\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}overlapping tables\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\fs32 Login\par
\pard\sa120\lang1023\b0\f0\fs24 NV.1 Sign in, Sign out\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\fs32 Home\par
\pard\tx720\b0\f0\fs24 H1. Click on a recent event that is a POINT, verify it shows the search page properly (maptype and zoom).\f1\par
\pard\f0 H1.1 Click on a recent event that is a POLYGON, verify it shows the search page properly (maptype, center and zoom).\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0 H2. Verify popups in the spotlight window\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0 H3. Verify layout is correct\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0 H4. Search from home (and check validation)\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0 H5. Add from home\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\tx720\lang1033\f0 H6. verify \b hint \b0 panels render correctly\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\sa120\f0 H7. Verify the footer linksLegal, About, Feedback\line H8. Spotlight\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang1033 Firefox: Click on "next" on the upper right\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Verify the spotlight changes in sequence\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}IE: Open a new browser and repeat. \lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Verify the two browsers don't interfere with the sequence\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\fs32 Settings\par
\pard\tx720\b0\f0\fs24 ST1. Change your email\f1\par
\pard\f0 ST2. Change your password\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0 ST3. Click Done\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\fs32 Feedback\par
\pard\b0\f0\fs24 FB1. Leave feedback\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 go to the feedback page\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify validation\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}send feedback\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify we get the mail\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify the from fields are correct\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify the subject is correct\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify the browser information is in the bottom of the email\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\fs32 Search\par
\pard\sa120\lang1023\b0\f0\fs24 Jsp Vulnerable Functions:\f1\par
\pard\f0 S1. Validation\f1\par
\f0 S2. Popup links\f1\par
\f0 S3. Date Line\f1\par
\f0 S4. Where When What\f1\par
\f0 S5. Check literal searches \ldblquote New York Draft Riots\rdblquote\f1\par
\f0 S6. Check \ldblquote Search current map shown.\rdblquote\f1\par
\f0 S7. Check \ldblquote Find events that occurred only within the time frame specified.\rdblquote\f1\par
\f0 S8. Verify proper wikitext rendering (hit search on what=\rdblquote mexico\rdblquote )\f1\par
\pard\tx720\lang1033\f0 S9. Verify \b hint \b0 panels render correctly\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\fs32 Add / Edit \par
\pard\lang1023\b0\f0\fs24 E1. Add a POINT event (from search page)\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify validation works\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify preview works\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify icon shows up after you return to search.\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Test at zoom level >10, <10\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Add an event from the home page\f1\par
\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\f0\fs24 Verify \b hint \b0 panels render correctly\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\tx720\lang1033\f0 E2. Repeat E1 but add a LINE event\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\lang1033\f0 E3. Repeat E1 but add a POLYGON event\lang1023\f1\par
\f0 E4. Edit an Event\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify it remembers your map type\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify validation works (summary, when and polygon)\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 click on cancel - verify map view goes back to the original\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Change History \par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\b0\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Edit an event that has more than 10 changes (what= 'Florida keys' ), click on change history\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify paging on flags\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify paging on change history\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Discuss\par
\pard\lang1023\b0\f0\fs24 DS1.Create a new discussion\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify preview\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify ~~~~ inserts username and date\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify clicking on username sends you to the user contributions page\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 click on discuss from the search bar\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 click on discuss from the info window\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Discussion History\par
\pard\lang1023\b0\f0\fs24 DH1. Click on a discussion history for an event with more than 2 changes.  Verify HTML formatting\f1\par
\f0 DH2. Click on discussion history for an event with no discussiosn \endash  verify it says \ldblquote There have been no changes\rdblquote\f1\par
\f0 DH3. Undo a discussion entry.  \f1\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\fs32 Flag\par
\pard\lang1023\b0\f0\fs24 FL.1 \endash  flag an issue that has change history and existing flags\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify history is correct\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify validation works\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify paging on flags\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify paging on change history\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify you can delete an event\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify you can remove(hide) an event\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Admin\par
\pard\lang1023\b0\f0\fs24 AD.1 \endash  find hidden issues\f1\par
\f0 AD.2 \endash  find flagged issues\f1\par
\f0 AD.3 \endash  resolve a flagged issue\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 open change history and resolve the flagged issue\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify the resolution flag is correct\f1\par
\pard\lang1023\f0 AD.4 \endash  delete a flagged issue\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 open change history and click \ldblquote delete\rdblquote  \f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify the issue is gone\f1\par
\pard\li720\tx1440\par
\pard\keepn\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Tour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\b0\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Verify the images are still valid (screens haven't changed)\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Verify the content is still accurate\f1\par
\pard\sa120\tx720\par
\pard\keepn\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Error Pages\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\b0\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 404 page: Login, Enter a bogus page \endash  verify the page looks correct\f1\par
\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\f0\fs24 500 page: Logout, then go to \lang1023{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://test.timespacemap.com:8080/home.htmsdfsdf" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\lang1033\ul http://test.timespacemap.com:8080/search/eventsearch.htm?_maptype=sdfsdf}}}\cf0\lang1023\ulnone\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Not authorized page: log in as marina and go to http://test.timespacemap.com:8080/admin/adminlinks.htm \lang1023\f1\par
\pard\li720\tx1440\lang1033\par
\pard\keepn\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Browser compatibility (IE, Safari)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\b0\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Map resizing\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 add event\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 search results scrolling, pagination\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 popups\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 changes\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 page layouts\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1023\b\fs32 Signup\b0\f2\fs18\par
\pard\sa120\lang255\f0\fs24 SU1. Normal Signup\lang1023\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang1033\f0 Click login/create account\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Create a new user with the email frank@fsanmiguel.com\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Verify validation\f1\par
\lang255\f2\fs18 l\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 Verify the email was sent and reads correctly\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 Verify the user was signed in\par
\pard\sa120\lang255 SU2. Signup while adding\lang1023\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang1033\f0 logout, then click "add to the map"\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}create a new account\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify you get put to the correct add to the map view\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\sa120\lang255\f0 SU3. Signup while editing\lang1023\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang1033\f0 Repeat test SU.2 but edit an event instead of  "add to the map"\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Link To Here\par
\pard\sa120\lang255\b0\f0\fs24 LK1. Wide area with zoom in\lang1023\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang1033\f0 Open a new browser window (BR1) and make it smaller than the first one (BR2)\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}BR1 \endash  search on everything, click \ldblquote link to here\rdblquote  and copy the link\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}BR2 \endash  paste the link\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify map looks the same and all points fit\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify same number of search results\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}BR1 \endash  zoom in to one of the points,  click \ldblquote link to here\rdblquote  and copy the link\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}BR2 \endash  paste the link\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify map looks the same including exact zoom level (the points may not all fit now)\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify same number of search results\f1\par
\pard\lang1023\par
\f0 LK2. Link with search parameters 1\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang1033\f0 Repeat LK1 with search terms \ldblquote new york city\rdblquote , \ldblquote 1863\rdblquote , \ldblquote draft\rdblquote\f1\par
\pard\lang1023\par
\f0 LK3. Link with search parameters 2\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang1033\f0 Repeat LK1 with \i only \i0 search terms \ldblquote 1863\rdblquote , and check \ldblquote\cf2\f4 Find events that occurred only \i\fs16 within\i0\fs24  the time frame specified.\rdblquote\cf0\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\f0 LK4. Link with search parameters 3\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang1033\f0 BR1- navigate to view the USA\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Repeat LK1 with no search terms and check \ldblquote\cf2\f4 Search current map shown\rdblquote\cf0\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}BR1- Navigate to new york state\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}search on \ldblquote draft\rdblquote  and check \ldblquote\cf2\f4 Search current map shown\rdblquote\cf0\lang1023\f1\par
\lang1033\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}BR2 -paste the link\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify map looks the same including exact zoom level (the points may not all fit now)\f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify same number of search results\f1\par
\pard\par
\lang1023\f0 LK5. Link from an ID page\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 BR1 \endash  Go to the home page\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Click on one of the recently added POINT events\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Click \ldblquote link to here\rdblquote  and copy the link\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 BR2 \endash  paste the link, verify map looks the same including exact zoom level \f1\par
\pard\li360\par
\pard\lang1023\f0 LK6. Link to a POLYLINE ID page\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 BR1 \endash  Go to the home page\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Click on one of the recently added POLYGON events\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Click \ldblquote link to here\rdblquote  and copy the link\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 BR2 \endash  paste the link, verify map fits the whole polygon\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 BR1 \endash  zoom in on one end of the polygon, copy the link \f1\par
\f5\'b7\tab\f0 BR2 \endash  paste the link, verify map \i fits the whole polygon \i0 (this is a special case)\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\li360\lang1033\par
\pard\lang1023\f0 LK6. Link to a POLYLINE page\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 BR1 \endash  search on \ldblquote\cf2\b\f4\fs18 Spanish treasure\rdblquote  \b0 (make sure there is only one search result)\cf0\f0\fs24 , click \ldblquote link to here\rdblquote  and copy the link\lang1023\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 BR2 \endash  paste the link\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify the polygon fits\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 BR1 \endash  zoom in to one of the points,  click \ldblquote link to here\rdblquote  and copy the link\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 BR2 \endash  paste the link\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify map looks the same including exact zoom level (the points may not all fit now)\f1\par
\pard\lang1023\par
\f0 LK4. Link after edit\f1\par
\f0 LK4. Embed\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 BR1 \endash  search on \ldblquote\cf2\b\f4\fs18 Spanish treasure\rdblquote  \b0 (make sure there is only one search result)\cf0\f0\fs24 , click \ldblquote link to here\rdblquote  and copy the link\lang1023\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 BR2 \endash  embed this in a blog test page\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 verify the polygon fits\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 BR1 \endash  zoom in to one of the points,  click \ldblquote link to here\rdblquote  and copy the link\f1\par
\lang255\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\lang1033\f0\fs24 BR2 \endash  embed this in a blog test page\f1\par
\f5\fs18\'b7\f3\tab\f0\fs24 Verify the map \i fits the whole polygon \i0 (this is a special case)\lang1023\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\lang1033\b\fs32 Remember Me Cookie\par
\pard\lang1023\b0\f0\fs24 RM1. Close open\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Login to Firefox, click remember me\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 close firefox completely\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 open firefox and go to the test server\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 verfiy you don't have to log in\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 logout and close firefox completely\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 open firefox and go to the test server\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 verify you are at the login screen\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 verify the username field is pre-filled and the \ldblquote remember me\rdblquote  box is checked\f1\par
\pard\tx720\f0 RM2. Forget me\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 login, uncheck \ldblquote remember me\rdblquote\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 logout\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 close firefox completely\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 open firefox and go to the test server\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 verfiy you are at the log in screen and username and password are blank\f1\par
\pard\tx720\f0 RM3. Second browser\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 open IE and login, click remember me\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 close IE completely\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 open IE and go to the test server\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 verfiy you don't have to log in\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 close firefox, open it and go to the test server\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 verfiy you are at the log in screen and username and password are blank\f1\par
\pard\tx720\f0 RM4. Link to Here\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 open IE and login, click remember me\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 click on the destination spotlight \f1\par
\f0{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}copy the "link to here"\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 close IE completely\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 open IE and paste the "link to here"\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 verify the map shows properly\f1  \par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Admin Spotlight\par
\pard\tx720\b0\f0\fs24 AS1. Spotlight list\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 go to the spotlight list\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Add a spotlight\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Hide and show spotlights\f1\par
\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 delete a spotlight\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Forgot Password\par
\pard\tx720\b0\f0\fs24 FP1. Forgot password \f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\lang255\f5\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 go to the forgot password page \par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 verify validation\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}submit the form\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}check your email - verify message spelling, etc\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}click on the link\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify validation\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}submit the form with new password info \par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}go back to the email - verify you get an error on the new password form \par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720\f1\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\fs32 Browser Back\par
\pard\tx720\b0\f0\fs24 BB1. Home page - verify desitnation spotlight image and captions are identical\par
BB2. Search page\par
BB3. Edit page\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\f1\fs32 MyTalk, MyPage\par
\pard\tx720\b0\f0\fs24 MP.Setup\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 In squirrel, delete the my page and talk page for "test user1"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}In squirrel, delete the my page and talk page for "test_user2" \par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}As "test user1", edit an event\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}As "test_user2", edit an event\par
\pard\tx720\tx720 MP1. New Pages\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 login as "test user1"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}In the top nav menu, verify My Talk and My Page are red \par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Edit the My Page.  Verify the "My Page" link changes to blue.\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}login as "test_user2"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}In the top nav menu, verify My Talk and My Page are red \par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Edit the Talk Page.  Verify the "Talk Page" link changes to blue.\par
\pard\tx720\tx720 MP2. Page exists link style in change views\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 Go to "home | latest changes"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Verify the "test user1" links are blue and the "talk" links for "test user1" are red\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Click on "test user1".  Verify it goes to the "test user1" page\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Verify the "test_user2" links are red and the "talk" links are "test_user2" are blue\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Click on "test_user2".  Verify it goes to the "test_user2" talk page\par
\pard\tx720\tx720 MP3. Page exists link style contributions\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 Go to "Contributions" for test user1 and test_user2 and repeat MP2 \par
\pard\tx720\tx720 MP4. Page exists link style contributions\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 Go to "changes" for the events you edited in MP.Setup and repeat MP2 \par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa120\tx0\tx0\b\f1\fs32 Notifications\par
\pard\tx720\b0\f0\fs24 NT.prerequisites\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 Run all MyTalk, MyPage tests first (MP)\par
\pard\tx720\par
NT1. Write on someone's talk page\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 login as "test user1"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}go to "home | recent"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}click on "test_user2" talk and edit the page\par
\pard\tx720\tx720 NT2. Notification\par
\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\tx720 login as "test_user2"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify the home page displays "You have new messages"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}click "search"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify the search page page displays "You have new messages"\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}click on the link in the "You have new messages" box\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}verify that you can see the edits from test_user1\par
\pard\tx720\par
\f1\par
\pard\f6\fs20\par
}
 